Please consider letting you die honorably
Playing dirty, my friend.
Our matter is a misunderstanding
Misunderstanding the pills is a misunderstanding
Cheating is a misunderstanding
Seizing power is also a misunderstanding
What about human lives?
My dad's life
Is my child's life a misunderstanding?
No, it's not my hand, I don't have it.
not only
I have time for you to confess
You asked Meng Xianxian to catch the rape
I just spent a little money
Look at the people around him
Said something
People around you
Vice President
I have done what you told me.
Ah, Mr. Lu
I don't want money.
Anyway, I don't have a job now.
I just want to stay with you. I remember you
Your name is Su Xiao
It was the makeup artist who was bullied by Meng Xianxian that day
You know each other?
Then I'll leave the work to you, okay?
Come to Tang Shi to report tomorrow
Ah, why do I think he seems disappointed?
It feels like he might want to be with you
Is this the legendary attraction of bees and butterflies?
So you're recruited, don't be kidding.
Let's get down to business
It's a pity that it was the Daxia Chen family who offended today
Otherwise, put Song Yuchuan on the Internet
It must have ruined his reputation
I'm afraid it will involve you.
What if I'm not afraid?
What do you mean?
Isn't it obvious enough?
Not good, Mr. Lu
The news of Miss Tang's wild soul was reported online